Your Name:Tatenda Nyamuda


1. In your own words, please describe object-oriented programming and explain why it is useful.
   
   Object-Oriented Programming is the use of objects to model things that are in the real world.
   This means that when an application is developed, the application is just a collection of objects.
   And these objects communicate with each other. The objects are created using "Classes". Classes
   are like templates for creating objects. The process of creating an object using a Class is called
   "instantiation" and an object created using a class is called an "instance" of that class. Object-Oriented Programming
   is useful in the following ways:
      
               1. Encapsulation 

                Encapsulation is the process of wrapping member data and member methods into a single unit.
                The makes the objects created by a class that uses encapsulation to be self-contained. When 
                an error arises, the entire program will be easy to debug because you will know exactly
                where to look.

               2. Inheritance

                If two or more classes share the same properties, a parent class(also called a base class) can be
                created with those properties. The other classes(child classes) can then inherit from the parent class.
                This allows us to write less code and will save us a lot of time. The parent class can be used as many times
                as required in our application. As a result, this makes the code reusable.



2. Of all the different data structures we discussed, which one do you think is the "coolest" and why?

   The coolest data structure is the "Binary Search Tree". It perfomance is very impressive since all operations
   on average can be done in O(log(n)) time.


3. What is the most interesting thing you learned this semester?

  Learning about data structures was by far the most interesting thing I learned this semester. I had heard many
  computer science students talking about them a lot and was very curious about them.


4. If this course included three more weeks, what additional topic(s) would you like to learn about?

   I would love to learn more about Pandas.



5. What was the biggest misconception you had about this material prior to this semester?

   I really didn't have any misconceptions. I knew exactly what the material was going to be about.


6. Do you have any final questions/comments for your instructor?

   No

